Blind prophet dude.
Is he guided by gods or devils, and how will choices along the way inform gameplay/visuals?
SMT type ish? 
More than 1 god/devil too, like World of Horror? 

"Why wait for a miracle, when there's GraceTM" product placement. 


"I can't see shit" is a curious phrase. It denotes blindness, but only through the tacit addition of "even," that is, "I can't *even* see shit. 

The thinking is that if even shit, that most conspicuous and unwelcome of stimuli, eludes your sight, 
then there can't be much of anything else to see either. I think of it another way; that most of what you /can/ see *is* shit, and so if you can't see that, you can't see nothing. Which is to say, anything, if you get my meaning.  

But hold on, isn't shit generally something you'd avoid looking at, even if you could see? So then, the whole thing falls apart. As in, you might be able to see perfectly well, but are understandably avoiding the sight of shit, perhaps due to a genteel over-sensitivity of the nerves. 

And to digress, if shit were something you were intent on avoiding, you might be at a distinct disadvantage if you couldn't see it - in which case, you'd hope you could at the very least smell it. 

"I can't see anything," is what's meant. It says much about the sentiments of those who say, "I can't see shit," instead, particularly how they feel about anything; apparently, it's interchangeable with fecal matter. The world must be a very desolate place for them; for them, literally nothing is distinguishable from shit. How miserable indeed. 

No, if you wanted to be truly cut and dry about the thing, you'd say, "I can see neither shit, nor anything that is not shit." Although that does have less of a ring to it, I suppose. 

Right, final try. Let's just say, if shit were here, I couldn't see it. But I could sure as hell smell it, buster, you betcha. 

There, that strikes the right tone, doesn't it?  

Anyway, that's where I'm at currently, as far as shit and sight are concerned. Blind as a fucking bat, me. 
